all right let's go through the vaccine
excipient in media summary this is from
2010 they list the vaccines in
alphabetical order and they list the
content so I've gone ahead and gone
through here and highlighted a lot of
things that I find to be Frankenstein
like formaldehyde that's what they used
to embalm dead people is in most of
these if you go through I didn't
highlight it in every single category
here because it would have been a whole
yellow page alright let's keep moving on
here we've got bovine extract
monkey kidney tissue
viene
I wonder whose DNA insect cell protein
egg protein chicken kidney cells
calf serum protein
monkey kidney tissue
bovine protein chicken protein fetal
bovine serum Foom aerosol with an
asterisk
boom aerosol without an asterisk
monkey kidney cells bovine calf serum
and the list goes on you could go
through here yourself and find some
other strange things but I think the
ones I've listed so far would make the
vegetarian or vegan reconsider getting a
vaccine so let's find out what that
asterisk means with fur Marysol
I'll read it for you remember in 2001 or
2003 I'm not sure there they said that
they removed all of the marisol and not
I keep getting emails that I should just
relax because there's no more mercury in
these vaccines I wanted ever be known
that this is from 2010 and here we go
the asterisks we're through Marysol is
marked with an asterisk that indicates
that the product should be considered
equivalent to Marysol free products this
product this vaccine may contain trace
amounts no greater than 0.3 micrograms
of mercury left after post production of
Ameristar removal well isn't it funny
how they continually tell us that things
have been done for our health and safety
that they've taken out that the Marysol
or mercury but when you actually do some
digging and investigate you find out
that nothing's been done other than the
perpetuation of a lie well we always
have a choice my website here
experimental vaccines you can go down to
the vaccine exemption forums and click
the button what you end up finding is
that I have all the states listed here
PDF files click on them all and get your
exemption forms
when it comes to vaccine ingredients now
you know